Dating the wrong guy won't ruin your
life immediately. No, he will do it
quietly. You will end up losing your
confidence. You will end up not trusting
anymore your intuition. You will end up
feeling powerless and feeling like
you're the problem. Hi guys, welcome
back to my channel. My name is Michaela
and today I want to talk about 10 types
of men you should never ever date to
protect your peace, time, and dignity.
Let's get into this. The first type of
guy is the guy who needs fixing. This
one is pretty obvious most of the time
because all he talks about is about his
past traumas, his past relationships
that were so toxic, his past ex that was
so bad to him. And he will say things
like, "I'm just trying to figure things
out right now." And he will always be in
need for help. And you will end up
mothering him. you will end up being his
therapist and mom instead of his
partner. So stay away from this kind of
guy because first of all you can't help
him and it's also not your
responsibility to help him and second of
all he has his responsibility of healing
his wounds not come after yet. He has
not understood yet that it's his
responsibility to heal his wounds. He
will simply keep bleeding with his
wounds onto you and you will be ending
up having to heal wounds that are
actually not yours. Never forget that
you are not a fixer. You are not
supposed to fix anyone and you're also
not able to do that. Actually, if you
always attract guys who need fixing,
that's also something in you because you
believe you can help them. You believe
with you, they can be so much better.
But baby girl, do yourself a favor and
remove this belief from yourself because
you can't you can't help anyone. And I
have been there so many times. You are
attracting those kind of guys if you
still believe that you have to prove and
to earn love, that you're useful and
that you're good enough. This probably
comes from your childhood traumas, from
your childhood patterns, from your
parents' patterns, and so on. And it's
your responsibility to heal those
patterns, those wounds, but not anyone
else's. The next type of guy you should
avoid at all cost is the chronic
confuser. I call him the chronic
confuser is that kind of guy that
doesn't really know where he wants to
put you in. You don't know if you are
going to have a relationship. It's hot
and cold. Sometimes he wants you.
Sometimes he doesn't. Then he says the
right things. He says he wants you. He
says he wants a family with you. He says
all kind of things. He says he wants to
marry you. But reality shows that that's
not happening. So he keeps you kind of
warm with his words because you trust
and believe in his words. At the end you
spend more time encoding his behavior,
his texts and finding out what he really
means, what he really wants, because
maybe you didn't read between the lines.
Maybe you didn't understand correctly
and trying to play that detective that
hopefully one day plays in your favor.
But the sign you have is when you feel
anxious, when you feel unsure, when you
keep
overinking, that's the sign that you are
dealing with the chronic confuser. The
reason why you're attracting this type
of guy is because you are addicted to
that
unpredictability and you connected or
confused with love because it matches
exactly the feeling that you got when
growing up. It matches that exact
emotional inconsistency that you
experienced all your life. So for you it
feels familiar and everything that feels
familiar for us is something we think
it's good. It's what we want but it's
not. When you start to heal this pattern
you will understand that consistency is
not boring. Consistency in a
relationship is safe and you deserve it.
So stay away from the chronic confuser.
The next type of mind you have to watch
for is the subtle hater. This type shows
up covered in jokes about how you look,
what you say, how you show up. He will
be making jokes about how sensitive you
are, about how ambitious you are. And
when moments arise where you shine,
where you are in your power, he will get
awkward or even quiet or even a bit
dismissive. He is the one who would
always downplay your looks, your ideas,
your wins. And not in a way that you
would immediately see he's downplaying
it. No, he's doing it subtle. So, he's
doing it like a snake from behind. He's
doing it in a way you will be
questioning, is that really what he
said? Does he really mean it that way?
And so on. He's also that type of guy
who will use sarcasm to mask up
jealousy. What you have to watch for is
when you suddenly feel yourself
shrinking, feeling smaller when being
with this person. When you make yourself
less than what you actually are when
you're being with this person. The
reason why you're attracting those kind
of men's is insecurities. And I'm sorry
I have to tell you that, but you are
most probably still unsure about things
about yourself. You're questioning
yourself if it's safe being yourself, if
it's okay being bold, being feminine,
being strong, being whoever and whatever
you are. You are questioning if that's
safe to be in. So you choose
unconsciously men who validate those
exact doubts about yourself. And most of
the time women who attract those type of
men who have those kind of doubts about
themselves, those are the women who
actually have the brightest light, who
shine the brightest. So don't make
yourself now even smaller with knowing
that probably you have some insecurities
and doubts about yourself. See that as a
sign to finally see your light. And your
healing shift will be when you
understand that your light, your you,
your way of being you is not too much.
You just have been dealing with the
wrong people. The next type of man you
should never date is the disconnected
hustler. The disconnected hustler, as it
says, is the one that is always busy.
He's busy with his business. He has his
priorities in his life. He's too busy to
text you. He's too busy to see you. And
when he texts or sees you, it's always
short, transactional, and very dry in a
way. Don't get me wrong, those
attributes are also some good attributes
for some men. It's good to have a man
that is a hustler, that is grinding,
that is working, but he also has to be
emotionally available. The disconnected
hustler is not emotionally available.
And he sees you not as a priority and
you will never be his priority. You are
just a convenience for fun, for
pleasure, but nothing more. And that
sounds hard, but actually that's exactly
what he is showing you. That's exactly
what he's representing with his actions.
What you can watch for is the feeling of
being a task on his to-do list. When you
have that feeling, you know you are with
a disconnected hustler. And the reason
why you're attracting this type of man
is because you're probably used to
chasing attention and not receiving that
attention. So you subconsciously have
that belief that you need to be better.
You need to be more whatever for him to
finally slow down and see you. But your
healing will be when you finally
understand that the right man won't make
you fight to matter. won't make you
fight to get attention, to be seen as
the woman on his side. The next type of
man you should never date is the
emotionally codependent type of man.
This guy gets too attached too fast,
dumps all his trauma onto you, and makes
you as well as the first type of man,
his therapist and mom, and his whole
world will be running around you, which
sounds maybe amazing for some women. A
few years ago, I thought that would be
my dream, but that's not. You do not
want a man all over you. His whole world
is around you and for you and there is
no purpose in his life to live for
someone or something else than you. You
know why? Because the problem comes then
when you want to take space when you say
hey listen I want to do something for
myself by myself. This type of guy, this
type of man will be triggered and he
will be in an emotional state that you
will feel responsible to take care of
him. You will feel responsible for him
feeling sad, hurt, whatever, even though
you are doing nothing to hurt him. All
you wanted to do is taking space for
yourself. So your boundaries will always
mean he's hurt. You will know you are
with this type of man when you feel
drained and overly responsible for his
emotions. That's the sign when you know
ah I am with a emotionally codependent
guy. And the reason why you're
attracting these type of men is because
you're probably still healing from
people pleasing and overgiving which you
probably have done most of your life. So
you are drawn to be needed even if it
drains you. Real love is joy and you
deserve joy and not more obligations. If
you want to have an obligation, get a
child, but not a man that is dependent
emotionally on you. The next type of man
you should never date is the control
freak in disguise.
This type of man will want to control
you to know where you are at all times,
who you text to, what you do, and he
will feel offended when you're not
available to talk to him 24/7. But the
thing here is he will disguise it not as
control, it's protection. It's taking
care of you to be sure that you're safe
and well. But what he is actually doing
is trying to isolate you from your
hobbies and your friends and then
actually you're being more easily to
manipulate and you're getting drawn into
something that is not so easy to get out
anymore. Your sign that you're with this
type of guy is when you start
secondguessing yourself before he even
said anything. The reason why you are
attracting this type of guy is because
you may associate control with care.
Maybe in your past love felt
conditional. So you are confusing
possessiveness with connection. And your
healing point here will be when you
start to understand that real love
doesn't stand above you. Real love
doesn't need to engage you. Real love
stands beside you to support you when
you need it. The next type of man to
avoid at all costs is the spirituality
fake guy. This guy will talk about
energies, will talk about healing, will
have the best talk ever, but this guy
has nothing beneath it. He is cold. He
is lacking integrity in real life and he
is using that energy talk to actually
avoid
accountability. So he maybe seems calm
on the surface but beneath he is cold
and you know you are with this type of
guy when you feel confused, when you
feel unseen and when you feel
emotionally unsafe despite all of his
energy and healing talk. And the reason
why you are attracting those type of
guys is because you are growing. You're
healing. You're working on your wounds,
but your wounds are not yet healed
fully. You crave conscious men to be an
addition to your life to help you grow
more, to help you understand more, but
you have open wounds still there. And
that's a phase we all go through. That's
a phase actually you cannot really do
something but just be aware of those
type of guys and keep doing your own
work and your healing shift will be when
you understand masculinity is not only
talk and words and awareness and
connection and so on. It's also about
the feeling that you have when you are
with a masculine man, which is to be
grounded, to be emotionally safe, and to
have someone next to you that is
emotionally clean with you. The next
type of man is the love bomber guy. The
love bomber guy is the typical
narcissist that in the very beginning he
starts to bomb you with love. Literally,
he is everything for you that you have
ever wanted. He is gifting you
everything. He is there for you. He has
all the time in the world for you. He is
literally the perfect man. And you
cannot see even one red flag. But this
itself is a red flag. And your sign to
watch for is when you completely lose
your self. like you lose your usual way
of living and your daily rituals, your
daily routines because you are starting
to be so obsessed with this guy. That's
what he wants. And the reason why you
are unfortunately attracting those type
of guys and these type of guys are
actually the worst from all is because
you do not give yourself that love that
this guy is giving to you. So you are
wanting that love from the outside so
much. You are craving love and being
taken care of and being spoiled because
you're not giving yourself that. And
once you start to give yourself that,
once you start to be your everything and
your love giver and caretaker and
everything for yourself, you will stop
attracting those type of guys. Never
ever go for a love bomber. Love bombber,
as I said, narcissists are the worst
type of guys. The next type of man to
watch for is the selfish lober. The
selfish lover is taking way more than he
is giving. He is the center of attention
and he's barely curious about you. When
you're having a conversation, he keeps
interrupting you and he keeps talking
only about himself. He's not really
interested in you. And this type of
guys, you will notice from the very
first conversation, have a quick
chitchat, you will know if this is the
selfish lover type of man. Next to this
type of man, you will always feel
invisible. Unless you're giving him
exactly what he wants, which is
attention. And the reason why you're
attracting these type of men is because
you probably grew up putting yourself
never first. You grew up putting
everyone else around you first. So
again, it feels normal for you to make
space for someone else to take up the
spotlight and to kind of put yourself in
the second row. But just because it
feels normal for you, it's not normal.
Just because it feels familiar, it's not
how it's supposed to be. You have to
remind yourself that your softness is a
gift and you do not owe anyone in this
world to be in service for. The next and
last type of guy I want to talk about is
the wound repeater. The wound repeater
is that type of guy that is the mirror,
the copy of your ex who hurt you. He
mirrors exactly that man who hurt you
first. He's inconsistent like your first
heartbreak. He gaslights you like your
ex. He triggers your need to earn love.
And the feeling you will have when you
know you are with this type of man is
that extreme familiarity. You feel like
you met this person before. It feels
familiar, but it doesn't feel safe. It
feels like a familiar chaos and your
soul feels tired. And the reason why you
are attracting a person that is the same
person in another man as your ex is
because you are chasing closure. You are
chasing that closure through repetition
and you hope that the story will end
differently. But I have to tell you, you
will keep attracting those type of guys
if you are not the one breaking the
cycle. You're waiting for someone else
to break that cycle for you, for someone
else to make it up from your ex, but you
have to be the one. You have to be the
one deciding and knowing. Closure isn't
found in repeating the same pain over
and over again. Closure is found when
you start to walk away when that same
pain comes up again in a different
person. And that's also your cycle
breaker. You will keep attracting that
same guy in a different man and in a
different man and again and again and
again
until you finally learn to walk away and
say no. Because if you keep saying yes
to someone that is hurting you and
waiting that this person is finally
staying with you forever and making up
all the pain that you carry within
yourself, you are going to lose out and
he will leave you and you will be with
the next guy having that whole story
over and over again. You can only
attract better when you say no to what
hurts you once and hurts you now. And
that type of man, the wound repeater
man, you can find in all the other types
that I have mentioned today. I feel like
the wound repeater is so present in all
of them
because minimum for me I have always
dated the same kind of men. It was
always the same type of men that always
triggered the same pain, the same wounds
in me until I healed those wounds and
said no to the same pain. Anyways guys,
it's dark here. I hope this could help
and I hope you manage that you never
ever date again any of the mentioned
types of men. Just be aware and save
yourself some time and peace and say yes
to what you truly deserve. Thank you so
much for watching. I love you so so much
and I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.